Add an admin API to check if a username is available (#10578)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/user_admin_api.md

- `user_id` - The fully qualified MXID: for example, `@user:server.com`. The user must
  be local.

> ### Check username availability

Reviewer: please can you define what "available" actually means here?

Reviewer: Or rather, I guess, give a short summary and link to the `/register/available` API for more details.

Author: I've added a short description, there is a link already here to the existing docs further down.

Reviewer: the link further down just talks about the request/response format shape. It doesn't say anything about defining what "available" actually means. I'm just talking about a "see ... for more information" link. See the suggestion below.

The API is:

```
POST /_synapse/admin/v1/username_availabile?username=$localpart
```

To use it, you will need to authenticate by providing an `access_token` for a
server admin: [Admin API](../usage/administration/admin_api)

> The request and response format is the same as the [/_matrix/client/r0/register/available](https://matrix.org/docs/spec/client_server/r0.6.0#get-matrix-client-r0-register-available) API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request and response format is the same as the [/_matrix/client/r0/register/available](https://matrix.org/docs/spec/client_server/r0.6.0#get-matrix-client-r0-register-available)
API.
```

- `user_id` - The fully qualified MXID: for example, `@user:server.com`. The user must
  be local.

### Check username availability

> Checks to see if a username is available, and valid, for the server. This will
> work even if registration is disabled on the server, unlike the Client-Server endpoint counterpart.

Reviewer: Again: which C-S endpoint counterpart?

```suggestion
Checks to see if a username is available, and valid, for the server. See [the client-server 
API](https://matrix.org/docs/spec/client_server/r0.6.0#get-matrix-client-r0-register-available)
for more information.

This endpoint will work even if registration is disabled on the server, unlike 
`/_matrix/client/r0/register/available`.
```
